#summary MP4, FLV, M4V but not AVI or WMV... What does this mean?
#labels Featured

<wiki:toc max_depth="3" />

== What can I play using the Media Player module? ==

The Media Player module and the media player it uses, the [http://longtailvideo.com FLV Player] by Jeroen Widjering, supports all the media types that Flash Player supports. These are:

== Video Media Containers ==

The Media Player module supports the following video media containers:

  * *FLV* - .flv - Video for Adobe Flash Player
  * *F4V* - .f4v - Video for Adobe Flash Player using (H.264 CODEC)
  * *F4P* - .f4p - DRM`*` Video for Adobe Flash Player 
  * *MOV* - .mov - Apple's Quicktime video
  * *MP4* - .mp4 - Commonly used video format based on MOV
  * *M4V* - .m4v - Apple's DRM`*` video for iPods, iPhones, etc. based on MOV
  * *3GPP* - .3gp, .3g2 - Commonly used on mobile devices

`*` Digital Rights Management

*Please note:* MP4 and M4V are all based on the MOV video container format and there is very little difference between them. Also, see this explanation about them on [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MP4#.MP4_versus_.M4A_file_extensions Wikipedia.org].

----

== Audio Media Containers ==

The Media Player module supports the following audio media containers:

  * *MP3* - The most commonly and widely used and supported audio file type
  * *F4A* - Audio for Adobe Flash Player
  * *F4B* - Audio Book for Adobe Flash Player
  * *M4A* - Apple's DRM`*` audio and audio books for iPods, iPhones, etc.

----

== Image and Animation Media Containers ==

The Media Player module supports the following image media containers:

  * *GIF* - .gif - Bitmap graphic images. Best for simple graphics and logos. Only displays the first frame of animated images.
  * *PNG* - .png - Combined bitmap and vector graphic images. Only displays the first frame of animated images.
  * *JPEG* - .jpg, .jpeg - Bitmap graphic images. Best for photos. Only displays the first frame of animated images.
  * *SWF* - .swf - Full support of still and animated and bitmap vector graphics.

----

== Don't confuse media containers with CODECs ==

CODEC is short for "Coder - Decoder" which means they handle the compression and decompression of audio, video and images. A media container can support several different CODECs.

The Media Player module supports the following CODECs:

=== FLV Media Container ===

Video: On2 VP6, Sorenson Spark (Sorenson H.263), Screen video, H.264
Audio: MP3, ADPCM, Linear PCM, Nellymoser, Speex, AAC

=== F4V Media Container ===

Video: H.264
Audio: AAC, HE-AAC, MP3
Images: GIF, PNG, JPEG (will only display the first frame of animated image files)